hello everyone pardon my voice too much
karaoke last night so a bunch of
challenges with running ipfs in a
workers we talked through a few of them
one is right now if you just try to run
it in a web worker you'll end up every
page having its own web worker with his
own ipfs node so you don't share any
data search across origins and you don't
share any network connections which is
not great so the solutions that we kind
of settled on uses a bunch of tricks
one is to for every site to embed sub
iframes that is shared but has a
different origin maybe ipfs dot IO and
from that iframes they can also pin up
the shared worker and by that mean it
will be the same instance running ipfs
node and that would allow them all to
share data storage and also network
connections however Safari doesn't have
shared worker so that poses a issue so
we just we discussed that stuff too and
we came to the conclusion that we can
use serviceworker to pretend it's a
shared worker in Safari but there is
other challenges associated with that
which is service workers are not really
long time lived they are aggressively
being shut down but since we already
have this iframes that is we used to
spin up the workers what we can do we
can make it pink your service worker all
the time on Safari to keep it alive yeah
so another issues that we talked about
is the storage limits which is not
necessarily work-related I guess but it
is a should we talked about the release
the limitations of browsers impose how
much data you can store pair origin and
if all the workers or all the sites
share the same storage limits and it
sucks but you can use
by frames so since we have eyebrows
already we can create iframes using the
iframe see the different origins and
then you can avoid some of this Thanks
[Applause]